As America's road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system, many are beginning to see a solution in a little black box that fits neatly by the dashboard of your car.

The devices, which track every mile a motorist drives and transmit that information to bureaucrats, are at the center of a controversial attempt in Washington and state planning offices to overhaul the outdated system for funding America's major roads.

Libertarians have joined environmental groups in lobbying to allow government to use the little boxes to keep track of the miles you drive, and possibly where you drive them - then use the information to draw up a tax bill.

They are exploring how, over the next decade, they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over.

They are exploring how, over the next decade, they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over.

Thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes, some of which have GPS monitoring, for a test drive.

"It is not a matter of something we might choose to do," said Hasan Ikhrata, executive director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments, which is planning for the state to start tracking miles driven by every California motorist by 2025.

"It is not a matter of something we might choose to do," said Hasan Ikhrata, executive director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments, which is planning for the state to start tracking miles driven by every California motorist by 2025.

There is going to be a change in how we pay these taxes.

The push comes as the country's Highway Trust Fund, financed with taxes Americans pay at the gas pump, is broke.

It is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals, as the taxes could be rigged to change driving patterns in ways that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases, for example.

People are paying more directly into what they are getting.

The movement is also bolstered by two former U.S. Transportation secretaries, who in a 2011 report urged Congress to move in the pay-per-mile direction.

The U.S. Senate approved a $90-million pilot project last year that would have involved about 10,000 cars.

But the House leadership killed the proposal, acting on concerns of rural lawmakers representing constituents whose daily lives often involve logging lots of miles to get to work or into town.

The most eager is Oregon, which is enlisting 5,000 drivers in the country's biggest experiment.

And the I-95 Coalition, which includes 17 state transportation departments along the Eastern Seaboard (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida), is studying how they could go about implementing the change.

In Nevada, where about 50 volunteers' cars were equipped with the devices not long ago, drivers were uneasy about the government being able to monitor their every move.

"Concerns about Big Brother and those sorts of things were a major problem," said Alauddin Khan, who directs strategic and performance management at the Nevada Department of Transportation.

It was not something people wanted.

There is no need to build an enormous, unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals' everyday comings and goings.

Nevada is among several states now scrambling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to keep track of how many miles a car is being driven, but not exactly where and at what time.

Nevada is among several states now scrambling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to keep track of how many miles a car is being driven, but not exactly where and at what time.

It was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance, in which drivers would pay based on their mileage.

In New York City, transportation officials are seeking to develop a taxing device that would also be equipped to pay parking meter fees, provide "pay-as-you-drive" insurance, and create a pool of real-time speed data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid traffic.

In New York City, transportation officials are seeking to develop a taxing device that would also be equipped to pay parking meter fees, provide "pay-as-you-drive" insurance, and create a pool of real-time speed data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid traffic.

"Motorists would be attracted to participate because of the value of the benefits it offers to them," says a city planning document.

An extra one-time or annual levy could be imposed on drivers of hybrids and others whose vehicles don't use much gas, so they pay their fair share.

"There is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin," said Randy Rentschler, the commission's director of legislation and public affairs.

He did not tell anyone that Jahid has drowned.

The police told the court that Jahid has drowned and the post-mortem report confirmed this.

CAT is a brand that has been offering strong, durable, beautiful and high quality products for the past one hundred years.

This collection is ideal for the modern shopper who like this style of footwear, whether female or male.

This is the same Francisca, about whom it has been said that her relationship with Berlusconi is a sham.

He got engaged about 8 months ago to the 28 year old woman, Francesca Pascale, who is 50 years younger than him.

Due to the western disturbance activity, since the early hours of Thursday the higher hilly regions have experienced some snowfall and the low lying areas had rainfall, that continued until late into the evening.

This is why the TDS team initiated an income tax survey of this group.

To make the desserts glossy, colourful and sweet, chemicals that are harmful for the health are being used,.

Virat, who is completing 25 years next week, has scored 17 one-day centuries out of which 16 have lead to an Indian victory.

Virat, who is completing 25 years next week, has scored 17 one-day centuries out of which 16 have lead to an Indian victory.

Johnson, who had been performing well until now in the series, has been sent home to prepare for the Ashes series.

That is why they will never allow peace to prevail on the border.

He stressed that the leaders should stop making statements that reduce the morale of the army and security forces.

German MP Hans-Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia, where he has been granted asylum, to discuss him testifying in Germany.

A letter from Mr Snowden, presented to the media in Berlin on Friday by the MP, said: "Though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat dissent as defection, and seeks to criminalise political speech with felony charges that provide no defence."

Thomas Oppermann, the MP who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees intelligence, said that if there were an opportunity to hear Mr Snowden as a witness "without bringing him into danger and completely ruining relations with the US," it should be taken.

Thomas Oppermann, the MP who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees intelligence, said that if there were an opportunity to hear Mr Snowden as a witness "without bringing him into danger and completely ruining relations with the US," it should be taken.

Mr Snowden said in his letter that he had faced a "severe and sustained" campaign of persecution that forced him from his home.

Passengers who buy their tickets on the airline's website won't have to pay.

They argue that luggage costs money to handle, and passengers who want the service should pay for it.

Many on Wall Street view the addition of baggage fees as a sign that airlines are charging enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.

The only other airline with such a fee is Hungary's Wizz Air, said airline consultant Jay Sorensen, who closely tracks add-on fees.

"The boarding process was the smoothest I had seen in my airline career," he said.

Frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can, and it will give coffee refills for free.

In September it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency.

The shadowy National Security Agency said late Friday that it was a glitch that brought down its public website for a few hours, not hackers as some claimed online.

"NSA.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error that occurred during a scheduled update," the spy agency said in an emailed statement.

Chief Executive Officer Pierre Beaudoin was confident Bombardier would meet its 300 firm order target by the time the first jet is put into commercial use.

We had decided to do a first flight and to do an update period and that's what we have done.

Shares of Bombardier, which also announced that Google Inc Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette would join the board, were down 8.5 percent at C$4.83 in mid afternoon trading on Thursday.

This experiment shows that those who took part in the experiment in the morning between 8 and 12 did not make any mistakes and they gave the correct answers.

At the same time, those who took part in the experiment between 12 noon and 6pm set aside their morals and intentionally gave wrong answers.

Cocaine-addict lawyer who tipped off Mr Big about police investigation is jailed

A top defence lawyer who told a drugs Mr Big about a major police investigation, because he feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed, has been jailed for three years.

The solicitor, who was nicknamed "Bash" and hailed by criminals as a "top brief," was arrested at his home in 2011 following a police surveillance operation into Scarborough, who he had represented in a previous narcotics trial.

The solicitor, who was nicknamed "Bash" and hailed by criminals as a "top brief," was arrested at his home in 2011 following a police surveillance operation into Scarborough, who he had represented in a previous narcotics trial.

Ditta, 42, fed information to criminals because of fears his cocaine addiction would be exposed

Today at Liverpool Crown Court Ditta, who works at law firm Forbes Solicitors, based in Blackburn, was facing disgrace after being found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice following a three week trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

Two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at Ditta's house in and was seen to place the drugs which had a purity of 60 per cent under the lawyer's bins in a black golf glove.

Soon after the drop off, Scarborough was in regular phone contact with Ditta who had been out at the dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium, Ewood Park.

But the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain, some of whom he had previously represented, after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew about them.

The relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug dealer, but a drug dealer providing his own lawyer with drugs.

But after the hearing Supt Lee Halstead from Lancashire Police said: "Mr Ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself the moment he started obtaining drugs from organised criminals."

His addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups who tasked him to obtain valuable information regarding police investigations.

Lancashire's Serious and Organised Crime Unit led the investigation into Mr Ditta which has also seen him convicted of three counts of possession of cocaine and now perverting the course of justice, demonstrating our commitment to bringing criminals to justice.

Let this case serve as a warning to criminals that no one is beyond the reach of the law.

On his website Ditta gave a question and answer session about himself in which he says his fantasy job would be a lawyer representing clients on Death Row in America, his ultimate dinner guest as being Mohammed Ali and inequality as his motivation for work.

Kenya media drew the ire of authorities by broadcasting security camera footage of troops who were dispatched to the scene of the attack purportedly robbing the upmarket mall.

It also said the measures could have a devastating effect on what it described as Kenya's "lively blogosphere."

By silencing the media, politicians know they can do whatever they like with impunity.

A.R. Rahman sang his signature songs in the musical evening that started at 8 p.m.

The United Nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals, which were put place 12 years ago to tackle global poverty.

Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for "sustainable development goals" to replace the MDGs, which expire in 2015, ahead of the UN sustainable development summit that began in Rio de Janeiro overnight.

Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for "sustainable development goals" to replace the MDGs, which expire in 2015, ahead of the UN sustainable development summit that began in Rio de Janeiro overnight.

They were included in the final draft of the document, which will be endorsed by world leaders including Ms Gillard during the summit.

UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the summit overnight that now is the time to "rise above national interests."

I will spare no effort to implement the mandate given to me by member states to realise our vision of sustainable development goals that build on the success of the MDGs.

Assaults on the former rebels then escalated as government forces attacked Renamo bases and attempted to kill Afonso Dhlakama, the group's leader, Fernando Mazanga, Renamo's spokesman, told the Financial Times.

Mr Guebuza told AFP, the French news agency, on Wednesday that Mr Dhlakama saw himself as a "loser" who wanted to use "whatever remains of his forces to try to prove that he can impose on the government his own decisions."

Mr Guebuza told AFP, the French news agency, on Wednesday that Mr Dhlakama saw himself as a "loser" who wanted to use "whatever remains of his forces to try to prove that he can impose on the government his own decisions."

Neither of them are good negotiators and neither of them are prepared to make the kind of concessions that are necessary.

Renamo, which has been pushing for electoral reforms, had already said that it would boycott municipal elections due in November.

Renamo's share of the vote has been declining since 1992, while a newer party, the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM) which was formed by a former Renamo member, is expected to improve its showing at the elections.

Mr Mazanga says Mr Guebuza - who is due to step down when his second term ends next year - wants to destroy the country's democracy.

Most of the skirmishes have taken place in Sofala province, which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but hosts Beira, the port that miners, including Rio Tinto and Vale, rely on to export coal.

Most of the skirmishes have taken place in Sofala province, which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but hosts Beira, the port that miners, including Rio Tinto and Vale, rely on to export coal.

Crossley-Holland, who has translated Beowulf from Anglo-Saxon as well as writing the Penguin Book of Norse Myths and British Folk Tales, said: "You may well have intentions but you do better to keep them well out of sight."

One could argue that New York City is the birthplace of standup comedy in America: nearly a hundred years ago, the vaudevillian Frank Fay, who served as the master of ceremonies at the Palace Theatre, on Broadway, started telling jokes directly to the crowd, in a conversational manner.

"Most of these headliners appeared at Carolines, and went on to greater success, to the point where they're too big to play a club," Hirsch said.

But a suggestion of stronger demand came Friday from two reports on Chinese manufacturing that showed an uptick in activity.

The judge had ruled in August the city violated the Constitution in the way it carried out its program of stopping and questioning people.

She appointed an outside monitor to oversee major changes, including reforms in policies, training and supervision, and she ordered a pilot program to test body-worn cameras in some precincts where most stops occur.

In August, New York City agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people whose cases are dismissed after a police stop.

The judge noted she wasn't putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice, which is constitutional, but was reforming the way the NYPD implemented its stops.

The judge noted she wasn't putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice, which is constitutional, but was reforming the way the NYPD implemented its stops.

"The prosecution suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of the NotW, he is not the man who stands outside people's houses hoping to catch them out, he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say," Mr Edis said.

"The prosecution suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of the NotW, he is not the man who stands outside people's houses hoping to catch them out, he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say," Mr Edis said.

"The prosecution suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of the NotW, he is not the man who stands outside people's houses hoping to catch them out, he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say," Mr Edis said.

Rumours about an affair involving Clarke were first picked up by the NotW's features desk when a source who was sexually interested in Ms Pawlby was told: "Don't bother wasting your time, she's with Charles."

Investigators also found entries on the private investigator's computer which had Ms Pawlby and her sister as "Projects."

The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson confronted Mr Blunkett over an affair with a married woman while he was himself seeing co-defendant Rebekah Brooks, who was married at the time.

On the instruction of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), Germany's domestic intelligence agency, its mission was to photograph the rooftop of the US outpost, which is located less than 5km from the European Central Bank and Bundesbank.

Reports that the US National Security Agency spied on Brazilian oil company Petrobras and gained access to data held by US cloud providers including Google and Yahoo have ratcheted corporate paranoia about state surveillance to new highs.

"Germany must wake up," says Oliver Grün, president of BITMi, which represents small and medium sized German IT companies.

Still, the reach and technical sophistication of US spy agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations have come as a shock to some companies who previously thought the biggest surveillance risk was posed by China.

A big shift is occurring in cloud computing where European executives have become more aware that data stored in the US is subject to that jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable.

Jim Snabe, co-chief executive at SAP, says: "We see a new question from customers that didn't come up a year ago - which is where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it stays physically in that jurisdiction."

Jim Snabe, co-chief executive at SAP, says: "We see a new question from customers that didn't come up a year ago - which is where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it stays physically in that jurisdiction."

Many German executives argue that the latest reports are simply confirmation of what they already knew: that powerful states want to steal their most prized secrets and these data must therefore be guarded at all costs.

Corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken, in case this hands an advantage to an attacker.

The US National Intelligence Estimate in February named France alongside Russia and Israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence, behind China, according to The Washington Post.

Parents of Georgia teen who died in 'freak accident' believe son was murdered

The parents of a Georgia teenager, whose body was found inside a rolled-up wrestling mat in his high school gym, believe their son was murdered, the family's attorney said Thursday.

They never believed he died the way the sheriff concluded.

"There are several questions that must be answered or confirmed," he said.

A southern Georgia judge on Wednesday ordered authorities to release all surveillance video that investigators reviewed.

This is the first set of such guidelines the U.S. government has put out, as the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies climbs.

The report also includes a list of typical symptoms communicated by children who are having an allergic reaction.

The aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex-assignment surgery for newborns, and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex.

The aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex-assignment surgery for newborns, and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex.

They are intersex, part of a group of about 60 conditions that fall under the diagnosis of disorders of sexual development, an umbrella term for those with atypical chromosomes, gonads (ovaries or testes), or unusually developed genitalia.

New York City psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher, who specializes in issues of gender identification, said the new German law "sounds like a good thing."

"Some people have life-endangering conditions that require surgery, but most kids do not," he said.

Nobody can answer the questions about why this happens.

It's like the mystery of why people are gay.

A report filed to the European Commission in 2011 described intersex people as different from transsexual or transgender people, as their status is not gender related but instead relates to their biological makeup, which is neither exclusively male nor exclusively female, but is typical of both at once or not clearly defined as either.

The U.S. website Catholic Online has also opposed the German law, writing that "as the world is being dragged into a new state, where gender is a choice, but sexual activity is not, we reverse two more pillars of civilization."

Historically, children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites, named for the handsome Greek god who had dual sexuality.

And as little as a decade ago, the medical community thought of gender as a slate that could be erased and then redrawn.

The prevailing theory on how to treat children with ambiguous genitalia was put forward by Dr. John Money at Johns Hopkins University, who held that gender was malleable.

He coined the term "gender identity" and argued that social and environmental cues -- how parents raised a child -- interacted with a child's genes and hormones to shape whether the person identified as male or female.

He advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been severed in a botched circumcision to have the child fully castrated, removing his testicles, as well, and to raise him as a girl.

Such was the case with Jim Bruce, a 36-year-old writer from Montana, who was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals.

What he found out was horrifying.

Bruce was born with a DSD that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to properly develop his genitals.

Today, he advocates for others in an organization called the Interface Project, trying to normalize perceptions of those who are intersex.

But we haven't seen how the law will play out, so all we can do is speculate.

That is not a battle young children should have to take up at this point.

But Dr. Arlene Baratz, a Pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a disorder of sexual development and helps hundreds of others in a support group, said the German law will "empower" both parents and children.

We don't have to rush into surgery that is irreversible.

"It brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents because they don't feel they are doing the right thing," she said.

"Double Down" claims Daley spearheaded the effort to replace Biden, despite their "close personal rapport," before ultimately deciding against the move when their data showed adding Clinton to the ticket wouldn't "materially improve Obama's odds."

Chris says because the ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the more you lick, the brighter it becomes.

The protein we are using in the ice cream reacts with your tongue at neutral pH.

It is probably the most expensive ice cream I have made because the jellyfish luminescence is four times more expensive than gold.

It is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals which make up the ice cream, but I reckon we will find a way of doing it.

One thing I do look forward to every Halloween are the trends.

The one thing we don't want to consume, candy corn; and yet nearly 35 million pounds of it are sold around Halloween, according to the National Confectioners Association.

It's a mystery I have yet to solve.

They have the best names, like "Terror Behind the Walls" (which, by the way is in an actual prison), "Howl-O-Scream" and "The House of Shock."

In fact, there are 1,200 officially sanctioned haunted houses in the United States generating about $500 million in revenue, according to America Haunts, and that includes those awesome photos of you mid-peeing your pants that your friend puts on Facebook and you can't take down and then that guy you like sees the photo and leaves a comment like "nice face."

In fact, there are 1,200 officially sanctioned haunted houses in the United States generating about $500 million in revenue, according to America Haunts, and that includes those awesome photos of you mid-peeing your pants that your friend puts on Facebook and you can't take down and then that guy you like sees the photo and leaves a comment like "nice face."

Charlie Brown introduced us to The Great Pumpkin when we were kids, and carving a jack-o-lantern is like decorating a Christmas tree - it's something we've done since we were little.

The jack-o-lantern slowly withering on your front porch probably came from Illinois, which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year.

Besides that, a special coin would be used for the coin toss that would be kept by the MCA.

The MCA will also publish a 64-page brochure, which will have articles about Tendulkar and testimonies about him from the business, sporting and journalist around the world.

The High Court strongly criticised the Amritsar administration in its order and questioned the use of such an administration that could not even resolve such a small issue as that of the firecracker traders over a period of the 9 years.

Since Scotland isn't in the Schengen area now, continued non-compliance would be a cheap concession for Brussels to offer up in return for whatever it really wanted out of the Scots.

And one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised: I first heard the "independence means passport controls" canard at least 40 years ago.

Across the EU, parties which are dedicated to opposing the EU, or to scrapping the euro as a common currency, are gaining ground.

Rather, the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to German exporters - something German politicians want to keep.

The Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 per cent of the vote - a timely warning to British Labour that they can't assume a split on the right will automatically favour the left.

Or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels where to get off.

I suspect that Scotland could do well inside a looser European arrangement provided we kept our own currency.

Time is the most accurate test of how puberty is going to progress.

There is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty, but it is considered "precocious" when breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before age 8.

In most cases, the process will slow down or stall -- something a pediatrician can monitor closely.

There are treatments to delay early menses and ward off another consequence: premature aging of the bones that ultimately can lead to stunted growth and being short as an adult.

"It was a shock," recalls one woman whose daughter started her period at 10.

Kaplowitz contends the premise that holds the most weight is the epidemic of obesity.

He helped conduct a 2001 study of 6- to 9-year-old girls that links body fat to the timing of puberty.

"We need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty," said Dr. Lawrence Silverman, a pediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children's Hospital in Morristown, New Jersey.

Girls who blossom early need reassurance that, even when it happens ahead of schedule, the process is a normal part of life.

Airbus this week called for an industry standard that would provide for a seat at least 18 inches (46 cm) wide in economy cabins, but its U.S. arch-rival Boeing says it should be for airlines to decide.

Now, Airbus is appealing directly to the public ahead of the Dubai Airshow, where the 777X is expected to dominate with more than 100 orders.

Boeing disputes Airbus's figures on seat measurements and says it is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions on how airlines balance fares and facilities.

"It really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful," said Boeing cabins expert Kent Craver.

For flyers it is about more elbow room, but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect earnings.

As Reuters first reported in July, seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets.

"The reason Boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive with our products," said Kevin Keniston, head of passenger comfort at Europe's Airbus.

On the other hand, analysts say full 10-seat-per-row cabins for existing 777s suggest many passengers are voting for the denser layout, which may go hand in hand with cheaper fares.

Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could take the pleasure out of smoking a cigarette.

Further tests are needed before starting human trials, which would take several years, but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York said the early signs are good.

"We are very hopeful that this kind of vaccine strategy can finally help the millions of smokers who have tried to stop, exhausting all the methods on the market today, but find their nicotine addiction to be strong enough to overcome these current approaches," Prof Cornell said.

The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been engineered to carry the genetic information to make anti-nicotine antibodies.

The virus selectively infects liver cells, which then start to make a steady stream of the antibodies.

In tests, vaccinated mice who were subsequently given nicotine continued with their normal activity.

But mice who had not been given the vaccine "chilled out," say the researchers, a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains.

But mice who had not been given the vaccine "chilled out," say the researchers, a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains.

Former NSW minister Joe Tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three properties on government-controlled land.

The Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) on Friday widened its inquiry into whether Mr Obeid lobbied several state ministers to have leases at Circular Quay, where the Obeids owned two restaurants and a cafe, renewed without going to tender after their expiration in August 2005.

It's now investigating allegations Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid's secret interest in the properties, after evidence given by Mr Tripodi's former deputy chief of staff, Lynne Ashpole, on Thursday.

In 2009 leases for the Circular Quay enterprises, which earned the Obeids about $2.5 million annually, were renewed without going to public tender.

Mr Tripodi, who was ports minister from February 2006 until November 2009, was initially in favour of public tenders.

But he denied the changes were made at the request of Mr Obeid, who Mr Tripodi acknowledged was urging a shift in government lease policy.

A phone transcript tabled in ICAC showed calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid, Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn, a senior bureaucrat who had come into the ports ministry after working under Mr Obeid in the fisheries department.

Historically, that meant it was white labour that had to be protected - and if some in the region saw echoes of that historic artifact, I wouldn't be surprised.

The discussion paper outlines 12 measures that were previously considered by former Immigration Minister Chris Bowen.

Immigration Minister Brendan O'Connor, who was yesterday in Sri Lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling, has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration.

Immigration Minister Brendan O'Connor, who was yesterday in Sri Lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling, has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration.

If the "genuineness" criteria was adopted a visa applicant could be scrutinised about "whether the nomination is genuine in circumstances where the nominee is a relation or personal associate of an owner or relevant person of the sponsoring business."

Businesses could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders after previously businesses who had intended to sponsor a small number of workers then employed hundreds.

The man's distraught nine-year-old son travelled to Australia with him and has been comforted since the death of his father on Wednesday by an adult cousin who was also on the vessel.

Australian authorities rushed the man to Christmas Island Hospital, where he died.

The UK government, which has been holding talks with Transport Scotland, has instructed HS2 Ltd to look at further rail capacity and journey time improvements for northern England and Scotland.

Baroness Kramer said: "Our goal for HS2 is for a truly national network that will bring the UK and its cities closer together."

We are driving forward HS2 because the benefits it will bring are huge.

So we are excited to work in partnership with the UK Government to examine options for bringing high speed rail to Scotland, creating benefit for all and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line which the Scottish Government is already planning.

Australian carriers are looking at the decision, which requires US carriers to undertake a massive amount of work to meet the requirements, but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures.

Virgin, which has already been talking to CASA about extending the use its in-flight wi-fi entertainment system, was amenable to a change but said it would take its lead from the regulator.

However, we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers and we will certainly be taking a close look at the FAA's decision and the reasons behind it.

Indeed, such is demand across parts of southeast Asia - where household debt is rising - that ValueMax, where she is carrying out her transaction, this week became the third pawnshop to list on the Singapore stock exchange.

Indeed, such is demand across parts of southeast Asia - where household debt is rising - that ValueMax, where she is carrying out her transaction, this week became the third pawnshop to list on the Singapore stock exchange.

Economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt in Thailand, which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession.

Such is the growth in the pawn business that ValueMax, operator of the outlet at Bendemeer and of 15 others like it in Singapore, plans to expand not only in neighbouring Malaysia - where it has four shops - but outside Asia too, says Yeah Lee Ching, ValueMax's executive director.

The company will fund that by using 60 per cent of S$66m it raised this week in a listing on the Singapore stock exchange.

"Customers are mortgaging items that they already own, and monetising personal assets does not increase household debt," she says.

Nor are the types of people who use pawnbrokers only the financially stretched.

Wealthy people in Singapore also use ValueMax outlets, pawning gold bars or Rolex watches, which can command up to 60 per cent of their purchase price in cash.

"They include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments, or small businesses with a need to tide over their cash flow needs," says Ms Yeah.

The Federal Government insists a $325 million rescue package for Tasmania's ailing health system has tough conditions attached that will ensure the State Government can't waste the funds.

"The Government has come up with an emergency rescue package we believe will address the unique challenges faced by the state," Ms Plibersek said today.

"These investments respond to the ideas that front-line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to Tasmania's health system," Ms Plibersek said.

The state would have to maintain current funding levels in order to receive Commonwealth cash and report monthly on where it was spending the extra funds.

He nevertheless praised the Government for responding to his request for urgent assistance which he first raised with the Prime Minister at the beginning of May.

"The reason we are here is that the Labor State Government ripped $430 million out of its health system," he told ABC TV.

Syria has destroyed critical equipment for producing chemical weapons and poison gas munitions, the global chemical weapons watchdog said Thursday as fierce clashes raged in the country's north, close to one of the sites where toxic agents are believed to be stored.

The completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus' chemical weapons by mid-2014.

The completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus' chemical weapons by mid-2014.

The announcement came as fighting raged Thursday in the town of Safira, which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites, reported the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.

The activist group, which has been tracking the death toll through a network of activists in Syria, said Thursday that 120,296 people have died.

The fighting underscored the dangers the chemical weapons' inspectors face as they race against tight deadlines in their mission to rid Syria of the toxic arsenal in the midst of an ongoing civil war.

A statement from the OPCW, which works closely with the United Nations, said its team was "now satisfied that it has verified - and seen destroyed - all of Syria's declared critical production and mixing/filling equipment."

On Thursday, OPCW said the two locations were, according to Syria, "abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites, which were inspected."

On Thursday, OPCW said the two locations were, according to Syria, "abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites, which were inspected."

On Thursday, OPCW said the two locations were, according to Syria, "abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites, which were inspected."

It was not immediately clear if the facility in Safira was one of the two sites that OPCW inspectors were not able to visit.

Syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons that has to be approved next month by the OPCW's executive committee.

"I salute the fortitude and courage you've all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization," the watchdog's director-general, Ahmet Uzumcu, said in comments released by the OPCW.

Now in its third year, the civil war pits the primarily Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad's government and its security forces, which are stacked with members of his Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.

Patek, who spent almost 10 years on the run as one of South-East Asia's most wanted, was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail for his role in building the explosive devices used in the bombing.

The 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in the popular tourist area of Kuta which left 202 people dead, including 88 Australians, and injured scores more.

The decision has reignited painful memories for Perth mother June Corteen, who lost her 39-year-old twin daughters Jane and Jenny in the destruction unleashed by Patek and his co-conspirators almost a decade ago.

Peter Hughes was in Paddy's Bar where a suicide bomber detonated a backpack loaded with explosives just 20 seconds earlier.

Mr Hughes said Patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage - Amrozi, Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who were executed four years ago.

He had avoided capture for almost a decade but was eventually apprehended in January 2011 in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad, where US forces killed former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden less than four months later.

The verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year, which will be marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia.

Delta and JetBlue were among the airliners who have already submitted plans.

Under the new guidelines, airlines whose planes are properly protected from electronic interference may allow passengers to use the devices during takeoffs, landings and taxiing, the FAA said.

Most new airliners and other planes that have been modified so that passengers can use Wifi at higher altitudes are expected to meet the criteria.

So, still no Words With Friends, the online Scrabble-type game that actor Alec Baldwin was playing on his smartphone in 2011 when he was famously booted off an American Airlines jet for refusing to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate.

"Cell phones, that really is an issue, not just because potentially it could create interference with navigational devices, but we do know, according to the FCC, that it could interfere with cell phone towers when they're in the air," Rosenker said.

Centre manager Colin Seddon said: "This water rail was likely a winter migrant from Northern Europe who got caught up in strong winds over the North Sea."

The water rail was fit and well by the time it was released.

We found that the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of Europe, focusing on countries that are modernising and growing while the EU states stagnate.

Finally, and most tellingly of all, our poll of business leaders found a clear majority wanted to see Britain pursue a course of treaty change and a relationship with the EU that is based on trade, not politics.

This finding, which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups, shows that business is pushing for a "meaningful change" that brings powers back to the UK.

This finding, which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups, shows that business is pushing for a "meaningful change" that brings powers back to the UK.

A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine, which hosts most of Russia's gas for Europe, adds a layer of risk to conventional routes, officials say.

A federal appeals court blocks a judge's ruling that the NYPD's controversial tactic discriminates against minorities.

Experts say violence that left 14 adults and seven children dead is nothing more than random chance, not a sign of growing violence in America.

Rather than being rattled by the U.S. government shutdown, investors kept their focus on what probably matters more: the Federal Reserve.

Police say they have a video that appears to show Mayor Rob Ford smoking a crack pipe.

Two YMCA NSW employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against Caringbah child care worker Jonathan Lord in 2011, the child sexual abuse Royal Commission has heard.

Chief executive officer Phillip Hare was asked about one case where a YMCA employee was charged child pornography offences, and another when a gym instructor at the YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted of child sexual offences against children in his care in 1991.

He conceded the YMCA's opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming "there have been external audits of the YMCA that have recognised the YMCA as being at the forefront of child safety."

Mr Hare, who started with the YMCA when he was 21, conceded management "from myself down" failed by recruiting Lord and failed to make sure staff were clear about their obligations to report child safe policy breaches.

Earlier this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA.

But Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting Lord's breaches of child safety.

But Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting Lord's breaches of child safety.

Staff gave evidence they observed breaches including Lord being alone with children, babysitting them privately, having them sit on his lap, saying he loved one and letting them play with his mobile phone.

Danielle Ockwell, who was supervised by Lord and asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behaviour, testified she found the YMCA Caringbah children's services manager Jacqui Barnat who supervised Lord "very intimidating and hard to approach a lot of the time."

Danielle Ockwell, who was supervised by Lord and asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behaviour, testified she found the YMCA Caringbah children's services manager Jacqui Barnat who supervised Lord "very intimidating and hard to approach a lot of the time."

YMCA NSW was not a child safe organisation at the time Jonathan Lord was employed between 2009 and 2011, child sex abuse expert Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University told the commission.

YMCA NSW was not a child safe organisation at the time Jonathan Lord was employed between 2009 and 2011, child sex abuse expert Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University told the commission.

The inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance, behaviour and style at the annual contest run by Sunnybank Equestrian Centre, in Rudry near Cardiff.

It was only the second time he had competed with Toffee and we were all ecstatic when he won.

The youngster, from the village of Nantyglo, near Ebbw Vale, South Wales, is following in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells, who has been showing horses for more than 10 years.

Fenton is animal mad - he loves horses, tractors and farms and has got two chickens which he looks after.

The way he has started he'll be at the Horse of the Year show before long - and I'm sure he'll do well.

The judges marked Fenton and Toffee on how well they were turned out and the way they presented in the show ring.

A Chinese newspaper that made a front-page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled, a press regulator says.

US authorities described the four foot by three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever discovered.

The tunnel, which zigzags the length of nearly six football pitches, links warehouses near Tijuana, Mexico and San Diego, USA.

Three men who authorities say worked as drivers were charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with intent to distribute.

Some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central Mexico's marijuana harvest in October, which presents drug cartels with a challenge of how to quickly get their product to consumers.

In 2010, authorities found a roughly 700-yard passage equipped with rail tracks that extended from the kitchen of a Tijuana home to two San Diego warehouses.

BJP candidate Rajsharan Bhagat, along with his sponsor, deposited his nomination papers with the Returning Officer for the assembly constituency 12-Jashpur on Thursday, which was day 7 after the start of filing of nomination papers for the second phase of the elections to be held on November 19th.

Btitish police served an extradition notice today on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has taken refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London and requested asylum.

Scotland Yard has "served a surrender notice upon a 40-year-old man that requires him to attend a police station at date and time of our choosing," a spokesman said.

The Treasury have provisionally costed out the CGT measure but are awaiting a final decision from Mr Osborne, who, in the 2012 Budget, introduced a 7% rate of stamp duty for homes costing more than £2m and annual charges for buyers who choose to hold homes in a company rather than as individuals.

The Treasury have provisionally costed out the CGT measure but are awaiting a final decision from Mr Osborne, who, in the 2012 Budget, introduced a 7% rate of stamp duty for homes costing more than £2m and annual charges for buyers who choose to hold homes in a company rather than as individuals.

Already the stamp duty take for residential property in the boroughs of Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, which stood at £708 million in the 2012/13 tax year, exceeds the combined total for Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland, the North East, North West and Yorkshire and the Humber put together.

Prime property - the top 5% to 10% of the housing market by price - in the affluent south-west London belt, which stretches from Fulham to Wimbledon, has increased by a record 11.8% over the past year.

Prof Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientist from the University of Trento, said: "It is very well known in humans that the left and right side of the brain are differently involved in stimuli that invokes positive or negative emotions."

Prof Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientist from the University of Trento, said: "It is very well known in humans that the left and right side of the brain are differently involved in stimuli that invokes positive or negative emotions."

Instead, he believes that they dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn't feel worried about.

A study of how dogs responded to real dogs could help, he explained.

"While there is considerable evidence from many different mammals that the two sides of the brain are used for different purposes, much of the detail still has to be hammered out - and dogs are no exception," he said.

However, given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded, it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way, sometimes the other.

We wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any inconvenience this has caused.

Please contact the customer services at the box office you purchased your tickets from for any further assistance.

Cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope, and they're the ones who elect popes, so Francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor.

Cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope, and they're the ones who elect popes, so Francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor.

NHTSA could not review the owner notification letter due to the 16-day government shutdown, which tempered auto sales growth in October.

Sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks, which were redesigned for the 2014 model year, were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year, GM said on Friday.

Obama's 2008 campaign memoir is a sad reminder of what might have been

It's a book that I thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second-year medical school, and renew in me a sense of hope.

My classmates cried with joy, and my parents saved every newspaper they could find.

It was simply nothing I could have imagined.

I credit Obama with great and varied accomplishments, from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to our military exit from Iraq, the end of "don't ask don't tell," to the killing of Osama bin Laden.

But, after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers, I've reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide.

But, after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers, I've reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide.

It cannot explain having the National Security Agency collect data on the private lives of Americans, nor prosecuting whistle-blowers who reveal government wrongdoing.

It cannot justify the findings of a report that says the White House's efforts to silence the media are the "most aggressive ... since the Nixon Administration."

I don't know if this is what I should have expected.

If, at 18 years old, I was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it.

Obviously, elective office isn't a predictable course, as the opposing political party and random events, such as the Newtown massacre, will shape our public conversation.

Yet, of all of the examples that I have listed above, they largely seem to be of the administration's own choosing.

That is what troubles me most of all.

Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions.

I felt that a second term for Obama, free from the pressures of future elections, would fulfill the hope that we had heard of for so long.

It makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared.

The mining magnate, who is in a dispute about paying a $6 million carbon tax bill, made the claim as he tried to brush off questions about whether he had a conflict.

The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate that may be crucial in deciding if the carbon and mining taxes are axed.

But Mr Palmer claimed it was only ministers who could have a conflict of interest and said Mr Abbott's daughters stood to personally benefit from policies.

Why is it that we shouldn't have a system where you can walk in, punch your details into a computer, vote immediately and have a result at 6.30 that night?

Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two traders in its foreign exchange division according to two people familiar with the situation, in another sign that the global probe by regulators into the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gaining traction.

Some of the world's largest banks, including UBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed they are co-operating with regulators in investigations into the world's largest financial market, where $5.3tn changes hands each day.

The two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended in the widening probe that echoes the Libor interbank lending manipulation scandal.

The bank, which declined to comment on the suspensions, confirmed this month that it has received requests for information from regulators.

Last month, people close to the situation said that RBS had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the UK regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, sent to and from a former trader.

At least six authorities globally - the European Commission, Finma, Switzerland's competition authority Weko, the FCA, the Department of Justice in the US and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are looking at allegations that bankers colluded to move the currencies market.

News about the probes has rattled traders in an area that has been one of the bigger profit drivers of investment banks' trading units in past years but which has been challenged this year as low volatility in currencies cuts opportunities for speculators.

News about the probes has rattled traders in an area that has been one of the bigger profit drivers of investment banks' trading units in past years but which has been challenged this year as low volatility in currencies cuts opportunities for speculators.

By a 5-4 vote, the justices ruled the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act's individual mandate - which requires citizens to buy health insurance by 2014 or else pay a penalty - was constitutional under the taxing power of the government.

The court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2700 page law, and further held that the health care law's requirement that states increase Medicaid eligibility or else lose all federal Medicaid funding is not unconstitutionally coercive.

It is our attitude towards money that is good or bad.

There is nothing more valuable than wealth that is used for the well-being of mankind, but if wealth becomes the cause of ego, then it is of no value.

No criminal, no matter how wealthy he becomes, can never enjoy his wealth in the correct manner and nor can he be useful to others.

Do not envy someone who has money.

True wealthy is the one which makes it possible for wealth to flow through numerous hands.

By the time the people around him came to his help the bear had badly bitten his face.

During this the alumni and students who have achieved the top position in the University are awarded the "Cash Achievement Award".

The program was presided over by Chaudhari Vikram Chandra Goyal, Vice-Chancellor of Charan Singh University, who said that the institution had honoured the University.

Before that Chairman Dr. S.P Deshwal said that the aim was to provide the nation with the best and most worthy citizens by providing high quality education for students from all walks of life, who would help in moving the country forward.

According to sources, when presenting Ujair Ahmed to the court, the NIA said that Ujair Ahmed was also among those accused of the Patna Serial Bombings, along with Imtiyaaz Ansari and Haider who are members of the Indian Mujahideen.

The search for bomb-making material and the terrorists who made those bombs is still going on, in this case.

The Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttarakhand are among the states where the sale of kerosene sale will be stopped.

This means that in those states where most households in the rural areas have gas connections the sale of PDS kerosene will be stopped.

This encourages those who carrying out adulteration.

In the states where the sale of kerosene through PDS shops has been stopped, the oil companies can sell kerosene at full price on the open market.

With these, the accused could see the shares the investors were buying.

An excellent example of this was when a strong New Zealand team was crushed by Bangladesh, who had an insurmountable lead and won the one-day series title.

The Gate City Hall Circle Office, that earns crores of rupees every day for the Punjab State Power Corporation, is housed in an old ruin of a building.

It is the public that will make you sit your examination in Democracy.

The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google, the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction.

The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google, the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction.

Rockstar, the consortium that bought the Nortel patents for $4.5 billion, sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for patent infringement in U.S. District Court in Texas.

The patents cover technology that helps match Internet search terms with relevant advertising, the lawsuit said, which is the core of Google's search business.

Samsung, Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google's Android operating system, which competes fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products.

Samsung, Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google's Android operating system, which competes fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products.

ISLAMIST Mohamed Morsi promised a "new Egypt" as he took the oath of office to become the country's first freely elected president, succeeding Hosni Mubarak who was ousted 16 months ago.

"Today, the Egyptian people laid the foundation of a new life - absolute freedom, a genuine democracy and stability," said Morsi, a 60-year-old US-trained engineer from the Muslim Brotherhood, a fundamentalist group that has spent most of the 84 years since its inception as an outlawed organisation harshly targeted by successive governments.

Derided as the Brotherhood's uncharismatic "spare tyre," his personal prestige has surged since his victory and his delivery of a Friday speech that tried to present him as a candidate not just of Islamists but of all those who want to complete the work of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian Mubarak.

Derided as the Brotherhood's uncharismatic "spare tyre," his personal prestige has surged since his victory and his delivery of a Friday speech that tried to present him as a candidate not just of Islamists but of all those who want to complete the work of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian Mubarak.

"Egypt today is a civil, national, constitutional and modern state," Morsi, wearing a blue business suit and a red tie, told the judges in the wood-panelled chamber where he took the oath of office.

Morsi later travelled to Cairo University where he was to make his inauguration address.

He was given an official welcome by an army band that played the national anthem as he stood to attention.

Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square, birthplace of the uprising that ended Mubarak's authoritarian rule last year, and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his office by the military council that took over from the ousted leader.

Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square, birthplace of the uprising that ended Mubarak's authoritarian rule last year, and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his office by the military council that took over from the ousted leader.

But by agreeing to take the official oath before the court, rather than before parliament as is customary, he is bowing to the military's will in an indication that the contest for power will continue.

Some of which we are sharing with you here.

The aim of this is to make monitoring more transparent and to get back the trust of the people which has been lost following the disclosure of large scale phone tapping.

Congress had urged the JMM chief, Shibu Soren, and Chief Minister, Hemant Soren, to campaign on behalf of the party in Chhattisgarh, which JMM's top leadership has accepted.

The police have already declared Musharraf innocent, which was a great relief for him.

The doctor had made a false medical insurance claim for services that he had never provided.

Furthermore, on the suspicion that she was pregnant, she was taken to hospital for an abortion.

The travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $325 million and $340 million, compared with the $305 million to $315 million it previously forecast.

If the current guidance is achieved it will represent a 12 to 17 per cent growth on the record $290.4 million profit it achieved in 2011/12.

This includes Australia and the United Kingdom, which are typically our largest profit generators.

In Australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half which offset a slightly weaker domestic corporate travel market.

On January 9th, 2013 the Washington Post reported, quoting a top secret document, that more than 18 million documents were stolen within just 3 days from the beginning of the program.

Speaking in the summer, Michael Gove, the Education Secretary, said there was a "widespread consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence," insisting GCSEs would be "more challenging, more ambitious and more rigorous."

The Supreme Court said that there are several other options that could be used.

The Court refused to stop the media from reporting, but told Asaram's lawyer that they have other legal options which they may make use of.

Then, changing the subject, Bansal told the reporters that in the last parliamentary elections the BJP had sent a women after him and conspired to lodge a complaint against him, but that they had failed.

In Chandigarh they cannot imagine the way in which the development is taking place or will take place.

Most of the people who have come from other parties are on the list but a significant number of workers, active since the Samata Party period, have been left off.

The third son of Hirachand Govaradhandas Ambani, who worked as a teacher in a school in Coravada, a small village in Gujarat, Dhirubhai Ambani was born on December 28th, 1932.

It's the first time in 20 years that the blonde beauty has had short hair, and we're loving the demure change.

After that a cultural program was organised at the Hindi Bhavan, where the former SP state President Vinod Badthwal was present. Principal guest and former legislator Munna Singh Chauhan was also present as a special guest.

The principle guest, shedding light on the life of the Veer Shaheed Kesari Chand, made everyone aware of the contribution he had made to the freedom struggle.

Similarly, the committee rejected the proposal to increase taxes on transmission wires, etc., and electrical goods that would have pushed up the cost of electricity and would have a direct impact on the general public.

It may be recalled that in the year 2002 Ghulam Hasan Khan, who won the 2002 elections from Shopian on a PDP ticket, was included in the cabinet, while Mufti Mohamed Sayeed was a Chief Minister.

I live in Shopian, which is believed to be a stronghold of terrorists.

But, contrary to the claims by Modi during the NDA government (between 1994 and 2004), while Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the PM there was a time for 2 consecutive years (2001-2002) when not a single advertisement for Sardar Patel was published by the Government.

While the DAVP's records show that in 2009-10 up to 3 million, in 2010-11 to Rs 4.10 crore, in 2011-12 and Rs 2.7 crore and in 2012-13 to Rs 1.4 crore UPA had been spent on advertising for Sardar Patel.

Today he will meet the families of the people who died in Patna last Sunday.

Meanwhile, questions are being raised about the urn procession undertaken by the BJP, carrying the ashes of the people who died in the blasts.

For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness, traveling to hospitals that weren't equipped to help him.

He suffered only a broken arm at first, but an infection developed and spread to his brain, creating a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life.

Instead, Bwelle spent years escorting his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals, getting whatever treatment they could get.

"The only problem they have is poverty," Bwelle said.

And he started a nonprofit, ASCOVIME, that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care.

But when they arrive, they receive a true heroes' welcome: a feast, singing and dancing, and the best accommodations the community can offer.

Others might receive crutches, a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that's required for school but that many impoverished families simply can't afford.

The group -- a mix of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students -- has performed 700 free surgeries in the past year, and they know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help.

One man explained that the free hernia surgery he'd received will allow him to work again.

For medical and nursing students such as O'Malley, who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions, it's a hands-on opportunity they'd never get at home.

"We've been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr. Bwelle," O'Malley said.

That's not something you'd ever get to do in America as a second-year medical student.

Helping others live happier lives, fulfilling a promise he made to his father, is something that brings him great joy.

Helping others live happier lives, fulfilling a promise he made to his father, is something that brings him great joy.

To make people laugh, to reduce the pain, that's why I'm doing this.

Clearly, Modi was referring to Sibal, who had told journalists in Delhi that Modi wants to create an environment where he is in control, where he gives his speeches and he does not talk to journalists in order to avoid their questions.

Clearly, Modi was referring to Sibal, who had told journalists in Delhi that Modi wants to create an environment where he is in control, where he gives his speeches and he does not talk to journalists in order to avoid their questions.

Clearly, Modi was referring to Sibal, who had told journalists in Delhi that Modi wants to create an environment where he is in control, where he gives his speeches and he does not talk to journalists in order to avoid their questions.

The new faces who have been given a chance include Nirmala Sapre from the Bina Assembly constituency's Sagar District and Pratapsingh Lodhi from Jabera Assembly Constituency's Damoha District.

He said that after the veneration a grand bhandara was organised with the help of the citizens, in which people of all religions in the city came to pray.

"For the vast majority of people who have health insurance that works, you can keep it," he said in a speech in Boston.

"For the vast majority of people who have health insurance that works, you can keep it," he said in a speech in Boston.

The administration has said it should come as no surprise that the 5 percent of the population who purchase insurance on their own may be forced to switch plans because their coverage doesn't meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act.

Sebelius, who is overseeing implementation of the Affordable Care Act, said the launch of the online marketplace has gone "miserably" since October.

More than three hours into the hearing, Long repeatedly pressed Sebelius on why the "architect" of the Affordable Care Act has not voluntarily forgone government-sponsored insurance to purchase a plan through HealthCare.gov, which she is now pitching to millions of Americans.

He awarded the 15 girls who had received training in sewing with a sewing machine, plants and certificates.

A proposal concerning this matter has been sent to the government on behalf of ADA, which is soon going to be approved.

Further action is now also being taken on Asaram's ashrams that have been built illegally or on public land.

John Kerry has indicated a softening of the U.S's defensive stance on its surveillance programmes with an unprecedented admission that on occasions its spying has "reached too far inappropriately."

The Secretary of State also admitted that he'd been guilty, along with Barack Obama, of being on "automatic pilot" as incendiary revelations from whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA's spying activities emerged.

Speaking to an open government conference in London via video link, Mr Kerry said: "There is no question that the President and I and others in government have actually learned of some things that had been happening on an automatic pilot because the ability has been there, going back to World War Two and to the very difficult years of the Cold War, and then, of course, 9/11."

He added: "We're dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up."

There is radical extremism in the world that is hell-bent and determined to try to kill people and blow people up and attack governments.

So what if you were able to intercept that and stop it before it happens?

News reports that the NSA swept up millions of phone records in Europe have frayed relations with some U.S. allies, though the agency's chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that Nato allies collected and shared with the United States.

He said European leaders need to be honest with their own people about the kind of espionage programs they've used for years themselves.

"While we can amend our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of Europeans, they also need to come to terms with the fact that we're not the only ones that are out there spying," Murphy said.

He claims that the people's trust in Chief Minister Mamata Banarjee's leadership is increasing, and that this is the reason people are joining Trunamool.

She is the daughter of former Australian league player Peter Tunks, who has appealed to the Department of Foreign Affairs in Canberra to assist his daughter.

The opposition will realise the strength of the Government by the crowds that gather for the rally.

The fans of German-American Model Heidi Klum were shocked at what she had done.

The heart-throb of many young men, Heidi was seen in such a manner it was difficult to recognise her.

The occasion was a Halloween party and Heidi had dressed up in such a way that people who saw her were in shock and were also were very impressed by the amazing change she had undergone.

The occasion was a Halloween party and Heidi had dressed up in such a way that people who saw her were in shock and were also were very impressed by the amazing change she had undergone.

The occasion was a Halloween party and Heidi had dressed up in such a way that people who saw her were in shock and were also were very impressed by the amazing change she had undergone.

